README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Awesome books: plain JavaScript refactoring to use JavaScript classes with Object

In this project, I have built a basic website that allows users to add/remove books from a list. i have achieved that by using JavaScript objects and arrays. We also dynamically modified the DOM and add basic events.


> Learning objectives

- To use JavaScript classes.
- To understand Javascript class methods.

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS
- JAVASCRIPT

## Additional Tools

- WebHint
- Stylelint
- ESlint
- Node Packet Manager


## Getting Started

To get a local copy of this project up and running on your local machine follow the steps below.

### Prerequisites

- Basic html, css and medium Javascript know how.
- Git installation
- A text editor 
- A terminal
- A web browser to view output e.g Google Chrome
- An IDE e.g Visual studio code

### Setup

- Clone this repository or download the Zip folder:

```
git clone https://github.com/GraceAbike/Awesome-Books.git
```

- Navigate to the location of the folder in your machine:

**``you@your-Pc-name:~$ cd <folder>``**

### Usage

- After Cloning this repo to your local machine
- Open the `index.html` in your browser

### Run Tests
To track linter errors locally follow these steps:  

Download all the dependencies run:
```
npm install --save-dev hint@7.x
```
```
npm install --save-dev stylelint@13.x stylelint-scss@3.x stylelint-config-standard@21.x stylelint-csstree-validator@1.x
```
```
npm install --save-dev eslint@7.x eslint-config-airbnb-base@14.x eslint-plugin-import@2.x babel-eslint@10.x
```
Track HTML linter errors run:
```
run: npx hint .
```
Track CSS linter errors run:
```
run: npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```
Track JavaScript linter errors run:
```
run: npx eslint .
```
## Author
### Author 1

👤 **Grace Abike**

- GitHub: [@GraceAbike](https://github.com/GraceAbike)
- Twitter: [@GraceAbike1](https://twitter.com/GraceAbike1)
- LinkedIn: [Grace Abike](https://www.linkedin.com/in/grace-abike-02770522a/)
- Angel: [Grace-Abike](https://angel.co/u/grace-abike)


## Credits

- Project from [Microverse💕](https://bit.ly/MicroverseTN) Javacript & Networking module (Module 2)
- Images inspired by [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com/?_gl=1*10wse9k*test_ga*MjAwMzExMTA0OS4xNjYzNTc3NjMz*test_ga_523JXC6VL7*MTY2MzU3NzYzNS4xLjEuMTY2MzU3NzY2NC4zMS4wLjA.*fp_ga*MjAwMzExMTA0OS4xNjYzNTc3NjMz*fp_ga_1ZY8468CQB*MTY2MzU3NzYzNS4xLjEuMTY2MzU3NzY2NC4zMS4wLjA.) on [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/book-stack)

## Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/GraceAbike/Awesome-Books/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project and how we manage to build it!

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to the Microverse team for the great curriculum.
- A great thanks to My coding partner(s), morning session team, and standup team for their contributions.
- Thanks to the Code Reviewer(s) for the insightful feedbacks.
- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](MIT.md) licensed

Commit message:

Add refactoring to use JavaScrip

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Awesome books: a complete website with navigation.

In this project, I took the Awesome books application and converted it into a fully functional website. I refactored the project to add three new sections on top of the two sections we have already completed: Books list (done), Add book form (done), a new Contact info section, a Navigation bar, and a Footer.

> Learning objectives

complete-website-with-nav
- To Understand the concept of single page application.
- To Use JavaScript to manipulate DOM elements.
- ToUse JavaScript events.

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS
- JAVASCRIPT

## Additional Tools

- WebHint
- Stylelint
- ESlint
- Node Packet Manager


## Getting Started

To get a local copy of this project up and running on your local machine follow the steps below.

### Prerequisites

- Basic html, css and medium Javascript know how.
- Git installation
- A text editor 
- A terminal
- A web browser to view output e.g Google Chrome
- An IDE e.g Visual studio code

### Setup

- Clone this repository or download the Zip folder:

```
git clone https://github.com/GraceAbike/Awesome-Books.git
```

- Navigate to the location of the folder in your machine:

**``you@your-Pc-name:~$ cd <folder>``**

### Usage

- After Cloning this repo to your local machine
- Open the `index.html` in your browser

### Run Tests
To track linter errors locally follow these steps:  

Download all the dependencies run:
```
npm install --save-dev hint@7.x
```
```
npm install --save-dev stylelint@13.x stylelint-scss@3.x stylelint-config-standard@21.x stylelint-csstree-validator@1.x
```
```
npm install --save-dev eslint@7.x eslint-config-airbnb-base@14.x eslint-plugin-import@2.x babel-eslint@10.x
```
Track HTML linter errors run:
```
run: npx hint .
```
Track CSS linter errors run:
```
run: npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```
Track JavaScript linter errors run:
```
run: npx eslint .
```
## Author

👤 **Grace Abike**

- GitHub: [@GraceAbike](https://github.com/GraceAbike)
- Twitter: [@GraceAbike1](https://twitter.com/GraceAbike1)
- LinkedIn: [Grace Abike](https://www.linkedin.com/in/grace-abike-02770522a/)
- Angel: [Grace-Abike](https://angel.co/u/grace-abike)


## Credits

- Project from [Microverse💕](https://bit.ly/MicroverseTN) Javacript & Networking module (Module 2)
- Images inspired by [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com/?_gl=1*10wse9k*test_ga*MjAwMzExMTA0OS4xNjYzNTc3NjMz*test_ga_523JXC6VL7*MTY2MzU3NzYzNS4xLjEuMTY2MzU3NzY2NC4zMS4wLjA.*fp_ga*MjAwMzExMTA0OS4xNjYzNTc3NjMz*fp_ga_1ZY8468CQB*MTY2MzU3NzYzNS4xLjEuMTY2MzU3NzY2NC4zMS4wLjA.) on [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/book-stack)

## Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/GraceAbike/Awesome-Books/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project and how we manage to build it!

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to the Microverse team for the great curriculum.
- A great thanks to My coding partner(s), morning session team, and standup team for their contributions.
- Thanks to the Code Reviewer(s) for the insightful feedbacks.
- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](MIT.md) licensed
